docs: clarify `-retentionPeriod` flag usage (#4417)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/Cluster-VictoriaMetrics.md

     Supports an array of values separated by comma or specified via multiple flags.
  -retentionPeriod value
     Data with timestamps outside the retentionPeriod is automatically deleted. See also -retentionFilter

>      The following optional suffixes are supported: h (hour), d (day), w (week), y (year). If suffix isn't set, then the duration is counted in months (default 1). The minimum retention period is 24h or 1d.

Reviewer: I don't see the same change in flags description for README.md
also, you need to add to the flag description in the source code

Author: added clarifications to missed places

>      The following optional suffixes are supported: h (hour), d (day), w (week), y (year). If suffix isn't set, then the duration is counted in months (default 1). The minimum retention period is 24h or 1d.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     The following optional suffixes are supported: h (hour), d (day), w (week), y (year). If suffix isn't set, then the duration is counted in months (default 1). The minimum retentionPeriod is 24h or 1d.
```
